hey what's up everybody this is alex on
casuals and today we are going to be
playing Gila ways to bid the beta and we
are going to be looking at the
underwater skills for the elementalist
so first you have to find some water
actually be cool because it changed your
interface like oh there's bubbles and
there's water drips teen in your screen
which is pretty nice and when you
actually go underwater you actually have
an if you start with this but when you
are in this level 80 zone you have an
aquatic Edgar so you can breathe
underwater you might not always have
that I don't know but when you once
you're underwater which will maybe it
will probably PvP on the water I'm
guessing here just mob maybe even a
dungeon that would be freaking nice but
either way your spell's all change it's
basically it used your Trident and it's
like a trident ii I know Tito and I'm
all your beliefs change I actually never
tested them yet so you guys will see it
at the same time as I will and work at
this on the light water column so this
is just some kind of auto attack of far
bubble in the water because fire on the
water makes sense right and it's I know
it's decent Vantage kind of ish it's
like Spanish Spanish by me and hey these
are my dummies dude the number two it's
like these animations are pretty cool
actually as for me to spend my number
one as well at the same time what about
the third ability it's just some kind of
massive explosion what a fort oh it was
nice it's like a far chain or something
that's cool
and I was try the fifth one ooh those
are nice all the Colossus to break back
you know number three it's just some
kind of explosion again yeah so that's
cool let's switch to water just look
typical that was like a fart dots though
so one of these have a thought this is
just a water bowl type of thing in the
world that's so cool made some kind of
ice wall i love the enemies can
penetrate that let's see project up of a
blah create a wall of ice that you can
shatter so i can shatter it to shatter
yeah that's nice i like it and why
number four is lisa kind of water is
basically speed boosts i think now it's
a health regen of interesting what does
this do charge bah blah what tidal wave
oh i see that oh snap that whoa was he
full help better not be because that
will do so much damage alright i'm doing
again whoa it does a shit ton of damage
like it's crits its penetration it's
repetitive need to try this again I
really wish I could stop these freaking
spamming spamming moves I don't like it
I don't know how to disable that I look
in the options maybe even look enough
you know all right let's go back to
lightning first d am like that zap is a
pizap
dude these formations oh my god
teleports mean that bubbled I shoot
please solve wha that is so nice what
does this do dude makes them float out
of it and if you can bring them to
surface if I don't break it dude
seriously a static cage underwater like
how badass is that and it's done suppose
that is really sick I'm shooting a
bubble I'm gonna go in that bubble dude
I'm in love this class it's just beyond
what I want all right let's go to the
heart stone element add some shitty
damage I know why the stone element
always seems to disappoint me in some
sort of way I'd that missed let's go at
this one okay that's some kind of hook
that's gonna be cool but I'm not pull
yourself to your phone I'm at least it
stops them as well like what's this dude
alright that's nice you trust from them
and make them sing for two seconds I
know if there is like a breeding limit
and you put that on them you may can
sink into me drown hahahaha that's so
cool all right and um let's try this
what is that ok just solid damage so
it's cool or it blinds them they'd do
damage hmm alright let's go back to the
water one real quick I just want to test
this properly alright let's do it miss
miss miss hardest things to high level
but there's so much damage damn if it
didn't miss though there's damage plus
way that was healing that's interesting
dude that damage is insane all right I
didn't know that water was a damage bill
all right and let's go back to hurt and
this is a blind but does it do damage
not just into damage okay just blends
them so that's pretty neat I like it a
lot you guys see lightning is a pretty
sick you play with them like he's a
fight that sees a melee class like you
make him go up and then you switch to
hurt and I you make him go no that's a
stab fuck which one is the one that
slows you or makes you sink i think is
this one yeah that's so nice i like i
love it i love it and uh can I holy cow
hahaha i can use my donate on to the
water dude that sounds sick oh my god i
love it i love it alright guys thanks
for watching this was alex from casuals
and if you liked the video make sure to
leave a comment and subscribe thank you
yeah die big golem I'm spending all the
buttons randomly
spiking doesn't look that much damaging
I don't know maybe I just miss all right
that's it
you